docs(apis): cleanup navigation, better overview (#2608)
caos/zitadel: docs/docs/apis/introduction.mdx

---
title: Overview
---

import {ApiCard} from '../../src/components/apicard';
import Column from '../../src/components/column';

## APIs

> ZITADEL provides four API's for different use cases. Three API's are built with GRPC and then generate a REST service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZITADEL provides four APIs for different use cases. Three of these APIs are built with GRPC and generate a REST service.
```

Each service's proto definition is located in the source control on GitHub.
As we generate the REST services and Swagger file out of the proto definition we recommend that you rely on the proto file.
We annotate the corresponding REST methods on each possible call as well as the AuthN and AuthZ requirements.

> The last API (assets) is only a REST API because we use multipart form data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last API (assets) is only a REST API because ZITADEL uses multipart form data for certain elements.
```
